REFL-acc

  Reflexive pseudopassive

        Naveliko            se    [je]    riba      jučer     jela
      ((In-large-quantities REFL) [AUX]) (fish-NOM (yesterday eaten))
      Fish was eaten in large quantities yesterday.

    REFL transform the verb's COMPS list, just like passivization:

      [EATER(nom), EATEN(acc)]
        becomes
      [            EATEN(nom)]

    While passivization can be treated as a lexical transformation at
    the point of recognising passive participle morphology,
    pseudopassivized verb has active morphology, and is only transformed
    when put together with the REFL.  However, in this scenario, "riba"
    (fish-NOM) cannot be recognised, since at the time of binding of
    "fish" and "yesterday eaten", the information from REFL is not yet
    available.

    Alternately, allow the fish to be bound to the nominative slot? On
    pure syntax level, deleting a non-nominative slot would then suffice
    - But how to expunge its index from the verb's meaning when REFL is
    finally seen?

    Or - generate all verbs in both ways, just in case? One of them must
    be bound to pseudopassive REFL, the other can't. This might be the
    best option, but it does double processing time for each active
    verb.

  Desiderative REFL causes a similar transformation:

      [EATER(dat), EATEN(acc)]

    However, the dative is also otherwise always an option, in the
    benefactive/possessive meaning, and thus does not cause the problems
    above.  However, the problem of connecting the correct
    (desiderative) meaning where it is intended still remains. Also, the
    desiderative reflexive abolishes the nominative subject.

      a) Jede se žgance
      b) Jedu mi se žganci

  Reciprocal REFL does too

    It modifies the meaning of the verb, and deletes the accusative
    slot.

  Lexically required REFL and true reflexive

    They do not require special considerations. Lexically required verbs
    will carry an appropriate REFL feature that needs to be satisfied by
    binding with a REFL. True reflexives will just bind with a REFL as
    an argument.


RECIPROCAL

    Ivan(nom) i Ivana(nom) udaraju jedan(nom) drugoga(acc)
    Ivan(nom) i Ivana(nom) rukuju se jedan(nom) s drugim(ins)
    Upoznajem Ivana(acc) i Ivanu(acc) jednog(acc) s drugim(ins)

  The reciprocal position will be filled with "drugi" in its proper
  case, and immediately before that constituent, "jedan" will be
  inserted, with case corresponding to the antecedent's. Gender and
  number will be the same for "jedan" and "drugi": gender corresponds to
  the general rule for collections in Croatian (masculine if mixed);
  number is pragmatically determined (can be both singular and plural,
  depending on whether the antecedent can form subgroups or not), and
  thus outside the scope of syntax.
